Who was the leader of Germany during WWII?	Adolf Hitler	Obama	Albert Einstein	0	1
What two issues plauged the Treaty of Versailles?	It economically hurt France.	It took away many American freedomes.	It put unfair blame on Germany.	2	1
Select a major economic problems faced by Germany following WWI?	Restoration of the Prussian Monarchy.	super inflation and extreme levels of unemployment.	Very few issues and they were able to survive with little damage.	1	2
Japan attacked many of its neighbors but which nation did they have most intrested in?	China	Antartica	United States	0	1
What are two ways in which Germany made aggressive moves in the onset of WWII?	By following the Treaty of Versailles and staying isolationist.	By invading Italy and then invading England.	By invading Austria  Czechoslovakia  and Poland	2	3
What battle occured on the Normandy Beach on June 6 1944? Also considered the turning point of the war.	DDay	Battle at York	Stalingrad	0	2
What battle was considered to be the last offensive by the Nazis?	The battle of the Holocaust.	The battle of Bulge.	The battle of Paris.	1	3
This term means great destruction or loss of life and refers to the Nazi genocide aimed at Jews and other nonAryans?	Holocaust	War	Kristallnacht	0	1
What battle was the turning point for the war in the Pacific? Seen as the USAs avengement to Pearl Harbor.	The battle of Stalingrad.	The battle of Australia.	The battle of Midway.	2	3
What three islands did the US capture that enabled it to send heavily loaded bombers?	Hawaii Australia and New Zealand	Korea Jima and Pearl Harbor	Iwo Jima and Okinawa	2	2
Which city was a victim of a Atomic bomb being droped on it by the U.S.?	Hiroshima	Beijing	Berlin	0	1
What minority groups made up the III Go for Broke III regiment in the  U.S. army?	Japanese Americans	German Americans	Italian Americans	0	3
What group of people helped keep American war messages private and uncrackable by the enemy?	Native American Navajo code talkers.	American allies such as Germany and other central powers.	Computer Scientist and Languagist	0	1
What group was able to help out in the war but not go into combat?	The Japanese Itialian Nazis	Japanese Americans	Women Army Corps 	2	1
What was the name for people of japanese ancestry who were put into internment camps?	The Japanese	Small Eyes	Nisei	2	2
What is the name for limiting the amount of goods for citizens so that they can be redirected to soldiers?	The Holocaust	Socialism	Rationing	2	1
What female figure represented the American working class women?	Bill Gates	Rosie the Riveter	Julie Smith	1	1
What was the name of the secret developement of the atomic bomb by the U.S. scientist?	Operation 9066	The Manhattan Project	Operation Manhattan	1	1
What was one way that the U.S. Government tried to control prices at home during the war?	Rationing	Stealing	Public Lynchings	0	1
What battle is considered the turing point of the war for the east front?	The Battle of Paris	The Battle of Moscow	The Battle of Stalingrad	2	2
What was the name of the area that Germany sent its troops that alarmed many western powers? Before WWII.	Rhineland	Belgium	Austria	0	2
